you put a gun in my mouth beat the hell
out of me and maybe he said if you tell
anyone about this I know where your
family lives for the first time in my
life I knew finally it was game over I'm
Molly Bloom dub the poker princess the
former waitress who took a small poker
game run out of a dingy nightclub so the
biggest underground poker game in the
world for Hollywood celebrities to
millionaires they literally made a
Hollywood movie about it the gang turned
from legal to Illegal I had become the
biggest game runner in New York City
either DiCaprio Ben Affleck and Toby
McGuire politicians she was making four
to six million dollars a year it was
unbelievable 250 000 buy-in so I
couldn't sit down unless I brought 250
000 that's right and you saw someone
lose a hundred million dollars in a
night yes this is where the science of
how you make people feel became a really
big tool and I would memorize people's
lives the names of their kids what they
cared about favorite food ordered drink
order these things can absolutely be
used for good but I just became obsessed
what had been about trying to be an
entrepreneur and be gutsy started to be
exclusively about the money and the
power but I paid a huge price for it I
started to partner with people that were
not the right people to partner with in
the middle of the night I get arrested
by 17 FBI agents machine guns they put
me in handcuffs and they put this piece
of paper in front of me that says the
United States of America versus Molly
Bloom the FBI gives you an ultimatum
they were going to give you Millions if
you snitched on the players in the game
I had 48 Hours what happens then
before this episode starts I have a
small favor to ask from you two months
ago 74 of people that watch this channel
didn't subscribe we're now down to 69 my
goal is 50 so if you've ever liked any
of the videos we've posted if you like
this channel can you do me a quick favor
and hit the Subscribe button it helps
this channel more than you know and the
bigger the channel gets as you've seen
the bigger the guests get thank you and
enjoy this episode
[Music]
what do I need to understand about your
earliest context to understand you
going right in
um
I think
it almost always starts with the family
and childhood and
I am from a family of you know my two
little brothers are incredible humans
but like the craziest overachievers you
could ever imagine
and then I have these two incredible
parents who were very powerful
influences in our lives my dad stood on
this platform of you cultivate
discipline and if you have a fear you
walk through it and you learn how to
suffer constructively for your dreams
for your goals and then my mom you know
she was this
she insisted on kindness and integrity
so there's this whole ecosystem of
extraordinary and I didn't know how I
fit into that at all and I desperately
wanted a seat at that table
and probably during the times that we
were raised there are these ideas of
what success looked like and how you get
there and it was
genius and talent and specific skill set
you know but I knew
that I had to be successful or and this
is not hyperbolic I literally did not
want to live I mean I remember when I
was applying to law school I said to my
dad
if I don't get into an Ivy League law
school I don't know like how
I don't want to live you know and do you
mean that
it's hard to know what you mean at 18
years old but
in my mind
you need Clear Proof and evidence that
you are extraordinary by these a
compliment accomplishments and my
brothers had already started to make
that happen
and yeah
because one day at the dinner table
my dad said to me
do you like to argue and read a lot
maybe you should go to law school and
then I and then I started to kind of
read books about the law and fiction a
lot I mean I was I loved stories
um and and then started to think about
getting paid to argue for a living and
all the glory that could come from that
if you're fighting for justice or you're
you know fighting to
save somebody who's innocent you know
the the sort of high points
the aspirational
points of what it would be like to be
a lawyer in a movie or a book you're
thinking about the glory yeah
yeah
for sure
why do you think you cared so much about
Glory
I don't think I cultivated much
self-esteem I don't think I knew who I
was and I don't think that I believed I
was inherently worthy I believed that I
had to achieve something big huge
extraordinary
worldly
in order to
to then feel
relief from that existential ache of
that I that that followed me around my
whole life you know
so you
you go off and try and pursue a career
in law at least that's what you think
you're going to do yeah
you're gonna go to Harvard right well I
wanted to go to Harvard I didn't even
end up going at all or even finishing my
last semester and a half at school
because
I just couldn't
I couldn't muster the the energy and
ambition it took to go
do all these things I I just had I'd hit
a wall and I think I was really
questioning
the conventionality of it all so I ended
up like not applying to law schools and
just saying
I just need a year
and
the closest place that was warm on the
ocean from Colorado in a straight line
was California
when you moved here
um your father again bringing him back
into the picture he's a very ambitious
person how did he receive this news that
you were not coming to LA
not happy about it not going to
financially support it
really disappointed so you get here and
he's he's no longer supporting you
financially at all so what'd you do to
make money I mean I got a job I had to
get a job the day I got here and I went
to this
restaurant in Beverly Hills
going to uh you know got a job for a
couple days it was terrible
and then I went to this other rest um I
went to this other restaurant and kind
of lied and said because no one else was
hiring in this Beverly Hills area and it
was a fine dining establishment and I
lied and said that I had fine dining
experience I got fired
couple weeks later
my boss said you're the worst waitress
we've ever seen and you've ruined like
thousands of dollars bottles of wine
trying to open them
he said but
you know people seem to to take to you
and you're a hard worker so why don't
you come work
for our real estate development company
as my executive assistant oh so it was
the boss of the restaurant that yes
offered you the job as the exec yes they
they had a bunch of Holdings they had
some real estate they had some
restaurants they had a fund so you
became his
EA his PA yeah and this led you to Poker
yes he came in the office one day and he
said and they're always zany things to
it sort of like thrown at me and he said
um
I need you to serve drinks at my poker
game tomorrow night
and I you know I tell this story because
it's just
so indicative of of the naivete and
where I was I I remember
Googling what kind of music do poker
players like to listen to and what do
they eat and then I proceeded to make
this incredibly embarrassing playlist
with songs like The Gambler on it you
know and uh got this cheese plate and
showed up for this very fancy
uh poker game in in Hollywood with
A-list
celebrities and you know there's some
names that of people that have already
talked about being in the games and
those are the names that I don't mind
naming just to give context it was Ben
Affleck and Toby Maguire and
Leo DiCaprio
and then you know but apart from the
actors it was also the head of some of
the biggest investment banks in the
world and the head of some of the
biggest movie studios and politicians
who were household names and people in
the tech world that were about to take
their companies public I mean it was
it was unbelievable quite a few people
have come out as you say and said that
they were they played in those games
yeah I was watching a video earlier like
even Dan Bilzerian I think says yes Dan
played he played in those games
were those games legal or illegal
because legal to play in legal to play
in for sure
legal
I when I started running the games
I hired uh defense attorneys and had
them analyze the federal statutes and to
help me figure out a way to do it
legally because in the early days
I wouldn't have done it illegally
that was an evolution
so you still as a basically an assistant
to the games that your boss is running
these are secret games right right very
secretive very
and take me on the Journey of what
happens next okay
so that first game
you know I'm
just shell-shocked essentially
and also really mortified about the
playlist and the cheese plate
from Gelson's you know
um but
but man am I intrigued you know getting
to be a FL at 23 years old getting to be
a fly on the wall
in this room
where the these conversations are open
and candid and you are
I'm like you I've always been fascinated
in Psychology I've always been an
information data junkie I love to learn
I love to observe and so this was
as compelling as it could be
and then I remember at the end of the
night because people were tipping with
chips
it wasn't Straight Cash I remember
making three thousand dollars for
refilling some drinks and so two things
became really apparent to me one this
was incredible access to a network of
people that I don't know if I would have
ever had access to
and to learn from people at this age of
23 when I didn't know who I was or who I
wanted to be and number two that there
was something that happened when there
was a token or a chip was that was the
economic system that made people very
liberal
because I'd worked as a wait you know I
was I was a waitressing everywhere
I would hustle my butt off for a couple
hundred dollars a night you know all of
a sudden the chip is involved and it's
not real money
so
I
just became obsessed and so I learned
about poker
I wanted to learn the rules of the game
the vernacular I didn't want to seem
like a novice
um and then I started to try to figure
out
how do I stay in this room
and
this is where
one of the places where effective
presence became a really big tool what's
effective
effective presence is the science of how
you make people feel everybody has their
own emotional footprint that they leave
on the world
and there are really marked things you
can do to have either positive or
negative effective presence or neutral
which is also not great
um so I remember talking to my mom
and I remember saying
you don't even understand how compelling
this is
and
I don't I want to stay in this room more
than anything but I don't know how I
could ever confer value in this room did
you feel like you're going to be kicked
out of the room I just felt like maybe I
was disposable like maybe they would
just bring in another
woman at some point to serve drinks
or you know I just I didn't
I just didn't want to be disposable
I wanted to find some reason
to be
to be valuable in that room to you know
and and to be able to come back
and I start I was talking to my mom so
much about everything that I hope to
gain and and where my mind was going
with this opportunity
and you know that I said to her but Mom
I have no idea how to bring value to
this room these people have everything
and she said something that was really
profound to me she said
um
you know maybe instead of thinking about
all the things you want to get you could
think about what you could give
and then she reminded me of that quote
by Maya Angelou that everyone loves and
loves to quote which is people are going
to forget what you said and what you did
but they're never going to forget the
way you made them feel
and I thought about that it's so true
and I guess I had this suspicion that
these people with their power and their
success
and their access
were different from the rest of us that
they believed that they are worthy you
know that they didn't have Harbor that
secret fear that they weren't good
enough and what I found
unequivocably is that that wasn't true
and that many times someone at that
level
is even more convinced or needs even
more
validation
and so I started to try to understand
how to make people feel important seen
heard remembered how to establish trust
how to establish authentic connection
because something that I realized by
observing these games is that
everybody wanted something from these
people
that was the nature of the relationship
and so if I could figure out how to
establish a real connection you know
there's there's emotional intelligence
right which usually has a focus on the
outcome How to Win Friends and Influence
People effective presence is more about
being in the present with someone
focused on the connection not the
outcome
and
this is truly what I focused on for the
first six to seven months is just
creating a real connection with people
observing them and
you know trying to
train my mind to focus on what's unique
about this person what's truly unique
about this person and then getting to a
point where You're vulnerable enough to
say God I'm really fascinated by this
thing that you do you know whether it's
at the poker table or in business or
just in life and and focusing in on the
details and and really
getting outside of yourself and becoming
curious and becoming a great listener
which by the way you are an insanely
great listener
and I just have found probably like you
have
that there is such incredible value in
that and that no matter how much
somebody is celebrated or
um you know has
has a public following or whatever it's
so seldom that someone just sits down
with them and listens just gets in it
with them Tiffany as you were saying
that I was just thinking about how much
of a competitive Advantage listening is
we think that the competitive advantages
had in speaking but I've if I've learned
anything from doing this podcast it's
that to truly understand someone and
then be able to in this context ask them
a question but in the world of business
to deliver them a solution to their
problem which is getting a sale to
create the upper hand you simply have to
listen yes and you have to listen for as
long as you possibly can yes and this is
what the great thing what I've learned
from doing this podcast but even from
this conversation is I'm I'm my next
question is going to be so much better
for the fact that I listen to you right
and actively listen actively listening
listened I think we walk around armored
with our egos
and I think that
true connection happens when somebody
when you're able to disarm somebody and
they're able to disarm you and the egos
slip away and it's just two people
so when you go in and you start listing
off your accomplishments and painting
yourself as this per you know all of a
sudden it's like competition up he goes
up and and then there's not true
connection
can't penetrate no that kind of wall can
you no you both built two walls between
yourselves because you're shooting off
right you need the walls to come down
right form the connection yeah
when people hear that they go you know
this this idea of effective presence and
understanding how to be kind of a
different jigsaw shaped piece to each
individual to get the best out of them
or what you want from them people will
say oh manipulation which you know the
the fine line between sales and
persuasion and negotiation and
manipulation it's all there you know
is this positive manipulation
so
effective presence EQ
active listening all of these things
that you learn can absolutely be used
for good or they can be used for bad
but I think something that is different
about at least the brand of effective
presence that I value
is it's about your experience connecting
with a human being
it's not about for me because I used to
do that right I used if
the way I used to do things is I would
do all my research on you and I'd come
in here with a with a few talking points
so that I could instantly connect on
something with you and show you that you
and I are are the same
and I I don't really do that anymore
although I don't hate that strategy
um
but I think it just depends on how you
use it I think when you use it in a
manipulative way
I think it's easier
to see
versus if you kind of take a few breaths
before you go into a room and you say
this my what I want to do here is to
connect with someone
do you have that human to human feeling
and you know to
to be of service in some way to a
in a greater way to humanity and by the
way that can also include yourself
you know but I think it's about
disconnecting from the outcome
disconnecting from the transaction and
connecting as a human being
so how did you get from being the
waitress in these rooms serving drinks
to
running your own poker nights this is a
funny story
Okay so
couple months go by right
and I'm like
I don't want to serve drinks in these
rooms I wanna I wanna start my own games
I want to own these rooms
you know this was
someone who felt powerless in the world
troll these nine seats
you know this thing that has so much
control over these people that are so
powerful that was compelling
the money was compelling
I had this whole idea of how I would
design the experience that was
compelling
and also
you know I'd sort of learned in those
six to eight months that that I was an
entrepreneur I was a problem solver I
could I could think on my feet I had
metacognition I could feel a certain way
inside
terrified nervous scared and still act
with composure these things that
wouldn't quite present at a dinner table
growing up with Jordan and Jeremy Bloom
to culminate into an idea or you know
sort of like that seat all of a sudden I
just started to feel in my flow you know
and
so but I was very loyal to my boss
and he is an interesting character
he was
slightly psychopathic
uh
so I you know I just bided my time and I
tried to figure out how I was going to
do this and and then he made it quite
simple for me because he called me and
he said you're focused too much on the
game I need you back in the office I'm
giving the game to someone else her name
is she's going to be calling you
and by this point I had really kind of
gotten into like I had started to think
about how I was going to build this game
I had I was keeping
um the books on everyone I was
uh recruiting players uh you know I I
really had I was doing much more than
just waitressing
and
I thought about it and I was like I
gotta take my shot I can't just
go
I can't just let him take this like this
is this opportunity is too important for
me so
I had developed friendships and
alliances and so I plan a game
I moved it to a really luxurious
location
and I hired a full staff of people and
had them memorize everyone's favorite
food order drink order
uh
the names of their kids what they cared
about in life
upgraded my playlist
a little Frank Sinatra maybe I don't
remember what it was but it was better
moved out of this Dungey basement had it
catered by you know the the best
restaurants in town up you know like
the best Liquors Cuban cigars I mean
I wanted people to walk into this room
and feel like they were in Monaco or
feel like they were James Bond for the
night and I I really as the games were
on I really like
got into the science of scent science
and temperature and humidity and
um food and all these things that elicit
the feel-good chemicals
and so and then I invited everyone
except for my boss
and at the end of the night
the game went really late and then at
five in the morning I got this text
message
from my boss and he said get over here
to this day I don't know why I went I
just went
and he made me go wait in this like
bedroom
and he made me wait for a long time and
I I said to myself he's gonna kill me I
mean I don't even know what's gonna
happen right now because he was a was a
terrifying individual
and very powerful
and just to give you some context when I
started working for him I used to always
say to him I'm really worried about your
soul
like you're not a nice person you know
and and I saw him in a business context
and then later when I got to know him
better I saw him with his family and he
was very kind but he used to say to me
all the time
you you're gonna you're gonna get
trampled over
like you need to toughen up
and so anyway so he walks into the room
and he has this terrifying look on his
face and he looks at me and he goes I'm
proud of you
it was like graduation day
For Better or Worse you know
it's hard to know how to feel about that
moment now sitting here decades later
so from that moment when you host that
first game you upgrade everything you
upgrade the experience for your
customers
um eventually
you set your site to New York but for a
variety of different reasons and you
move the games from being based in
California and LA to being based in New
York City I lost the LA game you lost it
someone just took it from you yes
Karma yeah totally
not gonna argue with that who took it
from you
uh one of the most famous movie stars
in the game Leonardo DiCaprio
someone took the games from you a movie
star said I'm gonna go do it at my house
gave me an option first
um
you can either start making less money
so this is very interesting
there's this player in the game
you can't name I I won't name
but they're big male movie star making
so much money okay how much money are we
talking like hundreds of millions yeah
okay
but became
I would say pathologically obsessed with
this game and structuring the game so
that he could win all the time
so make sure that he was the best player
in the game and that there were no other
uh there was no one better than he was
Dan Bilzerian said that he was kicked
out of the game because he was really
good
Dan showed up playing this kind of
ruse that he was just this Clueless
trust fund kid okay
and people bought it and I said I sat
there watching him and I'm like this
dude knows what he's doing you know and
I and I said respect right like you're
hustling I'm hustling but you can't play
in this game you're gonna take
everyone's money
you're bad for business I wish you the
best
so you kicked Dan Bilzerian out of the
game I had to
he was too good yeah okay so he wasn't
he's telling the truth
yeah and yeah for sure
so this this Hollywood star that took
you that stole your game from you so he
was really obsessed with the game and he
was obsessed with the money that he was
making and being the biggest winner
and the truth is at the end of the year
the money that I was making by that
point was Millions
and he believed that was money that
should be going into his pocket even
though by this point I was traveling the
world recruiting players I had a staff
of 20 people I handled all the logistics
I handled EXT credit extension
collections I was on the hook if someone
didn't pay I had a full business I was
paying my taxes you know um there was so
much work and Sweat Equity and I had
branded the game in this incredible way
and I uh I you know I took notes every
single game here are the areas that
works here doesn't let me do some deeper
research
um
and you know just really think turning
down
cash and cars and free rolls from the
pros
uh to get a seat
to protect the Integrity of the game and
you know like taking paying the debts
from my own bank account so that to make
sure people got paid faster I mean there
was it wasn't I wasn't serving drinks
anymore
and so when he said to me you're making
too much money
you have the option of making less and
I'll let you keep the game
look by this time I I had become a
strategic thinker I had really been able
to
get out of emotional decision making but
I do believe that there's a time and a
place for emotional decision making and
and so I knew that turning down that
offer there was a large the odds where I
was going to lose the game but I knew
that accepting that offer meant no
autonomy for me no freedom and no
dignity and you know what's the offer
sorry I had to would have to cap my
salary and make it and and have him
approve how much I'm making
what was he bringing to the table where
you can just kick him out was he
bringing a lot of celebrity power yeah
and celebrity power yeah this in this
town
so he he was he basically said to you
listen you're making a lot of money I'm
I'm bringing a lot to the table because
I'm bringing celebrities and contacts
and legitimacy to this so
I'll put a cap on your earnings and I
get the rest of what you're making but
I'll continue to do my part yes so he
kind of wanted to make you his employee
right how did you feel about that I
never want to be anyone's employee ever
again but how do you feel about him
because when you said it you looked a
bit pissed off
to be honest uh did I a little bit you
looked a bit like there was still a
little bit of maybe resentment to that
moment you know I think that there's
just conviction to that moment right of
because I think we live uh in a day and
age where a lot of people try to
um not in a day and age it's it's
reality that a lot of people
um
try to misuse power
and I think it's really important to
talk about
you know sort of dignity in the face of
that and and
turning the offers down so you said no
what happens then
called me about a week later and with
this
almost jubilant
laugh and tone was like don't you're
done
how could he ensure that you were done
he had colluded with the biggest
whale in the game a whale and a gambling
context someone with a lot of money
who's not very good he's willing to lose
a lot of money
and this person had endless funds and he
had colluded
with him
to have the game at his house and that
was where the money was for everyone
and you asked me a question how do I
feel about this person
um
here's my answer this was a really long
time ago
um
and
I've totally forgiven him
so you lose the game I lose the game
I was
devastated
what's going through your mind at that
moment I'm done
I'm never going to be able to make this
much money again I'm never going to be
I'm gonna have to go join
some you know I'm gonna have to go work
for someone else I'm not gonna be able
to be my own boss I'm not going to live
in this
fascinating adventurous underworld where
I get to you know pull the strings and
move the chess pieces and and and I have
to go join the real world
where
I'm not extraordinary you know I'm just
telling what's going through my mind now
when I say these things it's like
it is what it is but
so you eventually moved to New York yes
um 30 years old at this point I'm 31 at
that point okay yeah
um so you know I I bet my parents said
this is a great time for you to go back
to school you've saved all this money
you've learned all this you know you've
gained all this information you have
this incredible Network and I said to
them you're absolutely right but I have
something that I need to prove to myself
at least because the plan was never to
run poker rooms for the rest of my life
I don't think that's something that's
sustainable the lifestyle was not
conducive for raising a family
um
late nights you know crazy adrenaline it
was not something that I could imagine
myself doing for the rest of my life I
knew I needed to walk away at some point
I knew I needed to Parlay it into
something that was
less underground less Gray
but
you know I have to tell you there was
something very thrilling about it
um
but then I got angry
and I had something to prove and there
was just nothing that was going to stop
me what made you angry
feeling like I had been disposed of so
effortlessly
something that I you know something
stolen for me that I had
curated and built and you know said
karma before and and there is
some truth to that but
I did everything
justly
you know
I left money on the my own money on the
table to curate this incredible
experience
um I I ran the games with ultimate
integrity
you know I I wasn't unkind to anybody
I just felt
it was really unfair
and so also
I was embarrassed
you know
so I decided I was going to build the
biggest poker game in the world
like
five times ten times bigger than the
game in LA
and then I would go away
I decided after doing some research that
I would do it in New York City
because it seemed like there are a lot
of gamblers
on Wall Street
there were many problems with my plan
first of all I didn't really know anyone
in New York City it's that sort of like
billionaire
Wall Street world is not so easy to
penetrate
secondly it was 2008.
so the economy and Wall Street had just
been brought to its knees
in the most profound way since probably
the depression
and thirdly there were some pretty scary
characters running
games in in New York who'd been doing it
for 20 years
but you know it's it's Testament to
when
when you're obsessed with something when
when the end like you'll do anything
unfettered ambition you'll do anything
to get there
things are possible for better or worse
so
you know I made Moves
and I did research and I interviewed
poker players and I found out who the
right people were to talk to and I found
out
what was wrong with the current system
what was wrong with the current games
and and where I could improve on that I
already knew I already knew I could
bring the branding and the experience
which was meaningful it truly was
meaningful
but what I found is in these big games
in these New York games a lot of the
game Runners were kind of running a
Ponzi scheme if they didn't get paid
they wouldn't pay out they're playing in
their own games whether they were
winning or losing would dictate The Rake
of that night and the rake is the
illegal tax that most of the game
Runners were taking
and so it was a matter of treating
people fairly it was a matter of being
trustworthy and consistent and having
integrity and and then I and
you know the biggest thing I could do
to instill that trust and to have
integrity and to eradicate the fear was
to become the bank
I would now MDB Inc would now become the
bank
guarantee the games
pay if there is
um if somebody stiffed I would pay what
does this stiff mean meaning they'd lost
money in the game and then didn't pay
the debt okay
I don't understand that surely to get
the chips they have to pay for them up
front no when you run a weekly game
ultimately you establish a credit
relationship with someone okay right
um because otherwise like these people
would have to bring five million dollars
in cash to every week it's just not
reasonable it's not feasible so tell me
about the peak of your New York games
then so yeah when you're at the peak
what does that look like so I started
this big game
they're all just called Molly's game
okay yeah
um
so it was a 250 000 buy and then this
was the game that someone would
ultimately end up losing 100 million
dollars in one night in say that again
explain explain all this to me like I'm
a chimpanzee from that documentary
YouTube recording
so when you sit down to play at a poker
game
there are a couple
numbers that matter what's the buy-in my
LA game the bind to sit down and get
chips and get a chair was fifty thousand
dollars it started out as ten I raised
it to 50. the New York game was two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars so I
couldn't sit down unless I brought 250
000 to lose that's right then the other
relevant numbers are what are the blinds
meaning what do you have to bet
um each round
to
to to play the game just at the start of
the round yeah and there's a small blind
and a big blind and just goes around the
table and and so these games played so
big there's so much action the blinds
were so high that you know that initial
buy-in would be gone with some people in
the first 20 minutes
so then they'd have to come to me and
say I need another 250 and I would have
to decide in that moment
can they pay this are they good for the
money
um and so I would have to start to
establish this relationship this
financial relationship with people
based on trust a lot of times but there
are a couple things that that kept me
safe
number one to stiff this game was social
reputational suicide
people would start to say oh
they don't have money anymore number two
there wasn't a game like it where you
could play with some of your biggest
Heroes I mean there's so much business
that got done at these games the things
that I saw created you know it was
mind-blowing but also you can just go to
the police if they stiffed you right no
there's there's no recourse unless
you're willing to go to
um
muscle
Mafia
organized crime why couldn't you go to
the police
because it's not
illegal to stiff me or or a game it's
illegal to stiff you need a Gambling
License in order to have those types of
privileges
so you can go to jail in Vegas for
stiffing
your gambling debt but you can't go to
jail for stiffing me
I gave you the money it's a loan
so you're saying you saw someone lose a
hundred million dollars in a night yes
how did that happen
foreign
the game was playing huge they were also
playing backgammon they are also betting
Sports
obviously I didn't I can't guarantee 100
million dollars
so I'm out after a certain point
but
and that was shortly
before I got in trouble but that game
that I established the the combination
of the the big game in LA and the big
game in New York sort of joined together
and became a billionaires game and
people over a year's time would lose a
billion dollars
people were I mean there's rumors that a
couple billionaires went broke playing
in that game fully broke and this
here comes to a part
of this story
that
is I think really important
I started to see something I could not
unsee anymore
which was in the beginning I just
believed rich people could never lose
their money knew what they were doing
and that this was just their form of
entertainment and what I started to see
is that uh
a vast majority of the players in these
games particularly the big games were
gambling addicts
totally owned by the addiction of
gambling
and
I at some point
had to decide
whether I was okay
with playing my part in that
and
my answer by my actions was clearly yes
but I paid a huge price for it inside
and i s that
sort of started to enable me to make
other decisions that were not in line
with my integrity and that had a
directly inverse proportional effect on
how much I liked myself how much I
my self-esteem how much I believed in
myself
the kind of person I started to be
and
um
what had been up until this point
about trying to be an entrepreneur and
be gutsy and make money and and you know
sort of like Source power and but do it
in a way where I'm retaining who I am
and integrity
started to be exclusively about the
money and the power and the status and I
started other games in the city
and I
didn't
care if somebody could afford it or not
and I was drinking a lot and I was
taking a lot of
um
pharmaceutical pills like Adderall to
stay up and Xanax to come down and
um you know just started to live
this life of of very little
self-analysis
you compromised your integrity I did
big time
how
I'm not I don't
have judgments
whether or not like
you know the sports betting just became
legal sports betting so many people in
my indictment got indicted for sports
betting now it's legal now if you live
in New York New Jersey you can download
an app connected to your bank account
watch tennis game pretty much everything
that happens in that game is a bettable
moment
you can also do that with a Charles
Schwab account
I Harbor no judgment for
draftking whoever the companies are the
CEOs are
it matters who you are right for me
once I realized that what I was doing
was
using all my resources all my skills
all my intelligence to do to
to push an activity
that was ruining a lot of people's lives
that was a insult to my Integrity that
that was getting out of alignment with
who I am and what I care about in the
world
what were you good at so at that Peak
moment when you do a skills order of why
you were successful what appears on that
skills order
very good at strategy
seeing a problem
coming up with a solution setting a goal
that has you know most the time
pretty slight odds figuring out how to
get there
so I'd become very good at strategy
I'd become
um really good with people
I became so good at it that I became
manipulative
and I was using those skills to
manipulate people for my personal gain
period not a win-win
and all of these things the the
lifestyle that you've chosen to live in
the way you chosen to live it you speak
of the internal conflict this creates
yeah right
um were you depressed at that point in
your life
how was if I was a flyer on the wall
when you were going home
what would I have seen what would I you
know if I was a fly on the wall that
could
feel what you're feeling what would I
have felt and what would I have seen
I was very depressed
very disappointed with myself
um and completely
powerless over these forces
money
at the by this point drugs
and when I say drugs like I wasn't
I didn't like the inconsistency and the
unreliability of street drugs I liked
the consistency and formulation of of um
Pharmaceuticals they allowed me to be
productive and not feel myself
not feel the world
I was drinking a lot why didn't you want
to fill the world what were you escaping
from myself what I was doing
the
the way that I was living what was it
you were so ashamed of about the way
that you were living outside of the
games
I had stopped really communicating
showing up for my family
at times didn't treat people that worked
for me
as well as I'd like to
I started to have
you know New York was a was a trip I had
all these beautiful interesting
compelling women that worked for me
and although I always wanted them I
always wanted to Mentor them and
provide them with opportunity the truth
is is that I made sure they made enough
money so they stayed in that Darkness
with me
and I didn't
hold myself to the same accountability
that I would hold myself now to in a
friendship
I pay them so much money I don't have to
show up for their birthday right
it was a it I had even if I didn't act
like it in my mind there was a hierarchy
so I had no authentic relationships or
very few
um
those were the reasons
were you in a relationship at this point
so I was in a relationship from most of
the LA game and that ended right around
the same time that my game ended
and then I went to
New York and had sort of a secret
relationship
one of the big players little brother
who kind of did my role in the beginning
of handing out trips and everything
I found to be this deeply fascinating
brilliant
heart-centered person and so we were in
the secret relationship but I didn't
want anyone to know because he was
he didn't measure up to the the Persona
that I was trying to sell
which was very hurtful to him
how did he know
I told him we can't tell anyone did you
tell him why you can't tell anybody I
said it's bad for business
is that what hurt him you're just saying
it was bad for business because if you
said that to me and we were in a
relationship I'd think okay you okay you
don't want to come complicate the
Dynamics you don't want some people to
know that someone you're you're involved
with romantically is also kind of
attached to the game so
yeah I mean I think in the beginning it
made sense right but down the road I
think it became very clear
and we had conversations about it
some point the the Mafia show up yeah
so here's the kind of uh
levels and stages of the
the train wreck so the first thing that
happened was I had just recruited these
guys they were Russian American
businessmen
they had the air of being ivy league
seemed so legitimate
I had people vetted within an inch of
their life I used to hire the same
people the vet politicians for instance
to vet people I had Bank employees on my
payroll to find out people's liquidity I
mean it was a whole process you know
it's a lot of money
and big risk to bring some a stranger
into a room with important people
and their stories checked out but there
was something in my gut that told me it
was off
and it turns out that they're running
the biggest insurance fraud scheme in
New York City history
and they had alleged ties to the Russian
mob
so then the FED starts to pay attention
to this 100 million dollar poker game
where people can show up with
millions of dollars in cash and get a
check
right
pretty ripe for uh
corruption
um and interesting for them
the next thing that happened was I had a
yeah I had to run in with Italian
organized crime
and I I guess naively I thought that I
knew that gambling was always one of the
ways that organized crime earns
but you know I was having the games at
the Plaza hotel with billionaires and
players for the New York Yankees and I I
just believed that there was enough
separation but by this time I had become
the biggest game runner in New York City
and they didn't care they didn't care
who my clients were
and they were really clear with me uh
you know if you want to continue to run
these games you're going to have to
give us a piece
and we all know we've all seen that
movie right
and I tried to pull I politely declined
their offer and tried to explain to them
in business terms why that wouldn't work
for me and
just went on my Merry way and started to
avoid their calls
and they didn't just go away
and they sent this terrifying guy to my
apartment
and he put a gun in my mouth
which is
something that you just never forget
and he beat that hell out of me
and um took everything that was in my
safe including photographs
the you know a couple things I had from
my grandmother
and you know he said
I think your answer will be different
next time
and if you tell anyone about this
I know where your family lives in in
Colorado
and so a couple things here
first of all if somebody comes into your
apartment in the you know in the real
world in real life
and puts a gun in your mouth and steals
things from you and beats you up
cracks your ribs
you have somewhere to go
you call the police you call your family
you call your friends
it was undeniable now that what I was
doing was so deeply dangerous and
Underground
and I was completely alone and I I was
too afraid to tell anyone
and so I'm trying to like and also
now I'm not just putting my own life in
danger right like I'm in way over my
head
and my family's a danger in danger now
and I'm just I mean it is so heavy
and so much and for the first time in my
life
I don't have any strategy
I don't
I have no idea what I'm gonna do
and then I got so lucky
uh you know my only contact with outside
world was
food delivery
um
and and then and the New York Times and
a couple days later I got the New York
Times and it said 125 arrested and the
biggest mob related takedown in New York
City history
and I never heard from them again
but you know
disaster is a coming it's just
and the last thing that happened before
the whole thing blows up was um
you know for most of my poker running
career I was I was running these games
legally
according to this Playbook that had been
written for me by
by my attorneys
and one of the biggest ones that
differentiated me from a lot of the
games in the city and La was that I
didn't take a break I didn't take a
percentage of each pot at the end of the
game
you winners tip
you know I'm extending people millions
of dollars
I'm in charge of the nine seats that
people are
a lot of them are pathologically
addicted to
at the end of the night I got paid a lot
of money I was making four to six
million dollars a year
and um just from tips yeah
so what where did that
four to six million a year come from
from the winners so the winners would
play in the game and if they won
you know
they would tip a percentage one to five
percent of their wins
games were huge
and I was running multiple games around
the city
paying my taxes I have an event planning
company
but you know
I was a mess
and I started to get Reckless about who
I was letting in the games and
and who I was letting play and my debt
sheet started to get bigger and I
started to take a break
I started to partner with some people
that
you know were not necessarily
the right people to partner with and um
and the the feds had thrown a
confidential informant in the games by
that point
and he tracked that and so around the
end of that year I got a text message
from one of my employees at one of my
games and they said the fbis here
looking for you
don't come here
and so
um you know I
I knew finally it was game over
it was game over
and you realize that when you got that
call saying the FBI are here looking for
you yeah
how do you feel at that moment when you
hear someone calls me and says the FBI
looking for me
terrified
I want my mom and I want my dad
and I want to go back in time I'm not
going to do any of this
don't even know how to process this
and then a couple hours later it got
even worse
I got um
you know I went back to my apartment and
the whole time I mean it's like you're
in a movie or
looking around every corner are they
going to be there to apprehend me
and
um
I packed a bag and grabbed my dog and
you know tried to book a plane ticket to
Denver from JFK
and
my credit card got declined which was
strange and then my debit card got
declined which was really strange
and I logged into my accounts and the
account balance read negative 9 million
999.99 in all of my accounts
because the feds had seized every single
penny
and then some
so what happens then did you manage to
get out of New York I did I managed to
get out of New York I got home to
Colorado
I'm at my mom's house my attorneys are
talking to
the feds and they said basically in in
this country you as a person have the
presumption of innocence
but your property does not
so someone can't just come get you
unless it was under some of those like
after 9 11 or whatever but you know
let's just keep it simple someone can't
can't just get you throw you into jail
say that you're guilty
you have
the right to a trial with your money
with your property it's different
there's a division of the government
called asset forfeiture that can just
take it and then you have to go into
legal proceedings to try to get it back
and so basically what that would involve
is me going on record
talking about this game and telling how
I made this money which for the most
part I'd made it legally
but you know the past several months I
hadn't and it would be an admission on
record of a crime so I couldn't
I couldn't do that
and at this point they said she we're
not interested in her as
you know we're not pursuing anything
criminally against her and if we are
we'll let her know
so I just went
just went home what do your parents
think of you when you come home at this
point I don't even know what they think
of me I think they're extremely worried
I think that
my dad had been writing me handwritten
letters every year telling me that what
I was doing was going to end badly
pleading with me to do something
different
um so I think my dad was angry
my mom's just scared and I think they're
also relieved
right like
they were you know
they knew that what I was doing was
dangerous they knew it was
I was up late at night running around
with large sums of cash I mean they had
many sleepless nights
at some point the FBI gives you an
ultimatum regarding
becoming a snitch oh okay so it took two
years
for those two years I moved in with my
mom I got sober
I at 35 years old no I'm not 35 yet I'm
33 33.
um got sober
Trek to Machu Picchu did some salt deep
soul searching
um finally got a job moved back to Los
Angeles
seven days later this is two years later
okay I don't think anything's coming I
have
rehabilitated myself you know and I've
been living with my mom and my grandma
in the mountains of Colorado
so I moved back to LA seven days later
in the middle of the night I get
arrested by 17 FBI agents machine guns
high beam flashlights they put me in
handcuffs and they put this piece of
paper in front of me that says the
United States of America versus Molly
bloom I'm thrown into this wild
indictment
I'm looking at real time in prison how
much the press release said 90 years I
think realistically it was more like 10.
but
um
you know I have a day and a half to get
to New York City to find an attorney
that's going to represent me in the
fight of my life and I don't have a
dollar
my dad and I aren't speaking
why
because he got mad at me and I got mad
at him
because the
the age old
unexplored resentments
and Rife
you know came to your head
this is my biggest fear right
failing the spectacularly in front of
the world the tabloids are covering it
so
I had a day and a half to get to New
York City to find an attorney
and you know I don't have a dollar my
mom just put her house up to bail me out
of jail
my dad's and I aren't speaking
so
my best friend
you know loan me a little money but
I'm sitting down with people who are
quoting three to six million dollars
and 250 to even look at it
and so I have like eight meetings that
day before the indictment or before the
arraignment and seven out of the eight
all said you know Maya I really wish you
the best but without a retainer I can't
represent you and then I met Jim Walden
who
uh was at a very prestigious Law Firm
and kind of like listen to my story
looked at my mom and said
I'm gonna help you
and Jim and I started working together
and I'll never forget something he said
to me you know I went in and I said look
I don't have the money to fight this so
but
I can't do 10 years
you know and I I have to have a life
after this so what is our strategy and
what is our angle and he said you know
what Integrity is going to be our
strategy and our angle
I'm just sitting across from Jim Walden
who is nothing but Integrity who is this
attorney who has spent his life fighting
the good fight who continues to fight
the good fight who spent the first part
of his career in the eastern district of
New York fearlessly going after the five
crime families who's looking at my
indictment and saying this is [__]
right
and um
and taking on this case and fighting for
me because no one else would
and
he's talking about integrity and I just
had this moment of like
it all hit me you know
who I wanted to be
how far I had come from that and for
what
and uh I made a decision in that room
that day that I
could never ever abandon myself again in
that way I could never abandon the
things that I knew to be true to my to
who I am and and one of those is is
integrity and doing what I believe to be
the right thing
and you know a couple weeks later
the prosecutors wanted a meeting and
they really wanted me to be a
confidential informant a snitch yeah
and you know Jim believes this is the
whole reason that they brought the
indictment
so that you would snitch on the players
in the game and yeah and they didn't
care about the mobsters
or the people running the insurance
fraud scheme I think they already had
what they needed on those they cared
about inside information that I could
potentially provide them with on the
billionaires the bankers the celebrities
the politicians and I you know you spend
enough time with people you do get that
inside information now I want to be
really clear about something
if there was someone in my game that was
doing really bad like if Epstein was in
my game and I knew that he was
trafficking children or whatever like I
would have given that information freely
and before this
but what I knew
was it in your games no because I
thought you were saying no no no I'm
saying if there was a character like him
right I would have
never protected someone like him
but the things that they were interested
in to me
who's booking Sports it's about to
become legal in two years in New York
and New Jersey you're going to drag
somebody's family through the mud and
I'm going to be you know your your your
accomplice with that
do they offer to restore your bank
accounts if you they offered to give me
all my money back which was how much
money Millions
so they were going to give you Millions
if you snitched yeah
and also
they were going to give me a deferred
prosecution which would have kept you
know sort of giving me a guarantee that
I would stay out of jail
and I went home and I you know I had a
very short amount of time to to make
this Choice something like 48 hours
and here's where I got to with it
this place that I was in was 100 my
fault
I did all of this I had near perfect
information about the law I had great
parents I had college education almost
completed I had all the opportunities in
the world
and I had chosen this and I had chosen
this path
and
I had to own that you know and turning
around and
ruining the lives of people who had
played in my game who'd made me very
wealthy many of them I saw their kids
grow up to get out of the trouble of my
own choices did not feel in alignment
with
my true self
so you ultimately get sentenced I get
sentenced
I get a judge that's very disappointed
with me
and um but ultimately a pretty
reasonable guy who said listen you're
running poker games and it seems like
you've done a lot to change your life
I'm not I'm not going to send into you
to prison
which
it's hard to adequately express to you
how big that moment is because you can
do all you know I used to say to Jim all
the time whatever I'll go to federal
prison I'll learn a new language I'll
Mentor some women and he's like that's
not what it's like
in the prison system
you know
people are dangerous and a lot of the
guards are dangerous and women get raped
it's not it's not a country club
and in my mind I was just like I can
handle it I can handle I can handle it
but in that moment when you get
sentenced to not go to prison and you
know you're not going to lose your
freedom
um you don't realize
how big it is until that happens you
know and probably would have been even
bigger from it the other way but
I mean I felt like
I I mean I lost my feet you know
and
oh man you know here
here we are going to dinner
after the sentencing and there's
my best friend Ally Who stuck with me
through everything and my family and
even my old boss came
and I'm looking around the table and
everyone's living their lives having
kids my brother's a heart surge he's in
residency
he just graduated Harvard my other
brother just got inducted into the
Colorado Sports Hall of Fame and I'm
just sitting there and I'm like
Here I Am the family felon you know I'm
30 now I'm 35 years old millions of
dollars in debt a convicted felon
a social Pariah to some degree
like
I'm all in for for a comeback but how
does that even happen where do you go
from here
so I just remember going back and walk
in the mountains you know going back
moving in with my mom walking the
mountains walking
meditating trying to figure out what is
the way out here
you know one of the things I always
always talk to my friends about is as
you become more and more successful you
get to see behind other curtains I call
it you know it's like a daughter like
yeah like it's a cat you didn't even
know was there and you meet this other
group of people and you find out that
they're making money in this other yeah
set of ways and you go what the [__]
like you guys have been back here doing
this stuff all the time so I I can so
that's so resonates yeah playing with
these money games that I don't even know
existed like you do this and you trade
this and you do this and you flip this
and and you go what the [__] I was like
I was earning like minimum wage over
here right are you billionaires around
here just like doing billion dollar
things with these little games that I
didn't even know existed
um and that's what I've come to learn in
my life is like yeah I got to see behind
a lot of curtains and I was like oh [__]
I can do I can earn this much money
without doing any work or you can do it
like this and what are those things that
you came to learn about when you got to
see behind the curtain
a couple things first of all I thought
behind that curtain I was gonna find the
most contented generous
non-petty
like extraordinary people and that's not
what I saw
for the most part there are exceptions
um
I just saw people who were kind of like
unwilling to fail
because
I don't know because they're obsessed
with money uh I mean you know it was
just drive a lot of a lot of times oh
being dragged or being dragged right
was it Moon being dragged and drive
or was it more Drive than dragged
I.E could they could they stop if they
wanted you know could they were they in
control of their obsessions
dragged
in that in those settings hmm it's what
I've tend to tend to find yeah I met a
lot of billionaires and I with the odd
exception I'm like damn unhappy yeah but
it can't stop yeah have you ever read
that book the psychology of money yeah
yeah don't you love that story in there
I love it um I don't know what story in
particular you're talking about I don't
remember when uh Joseph Heller is at the
house of the
of the uh billionaire and someone walks
up and says Heller like this guy just
made in one day what your
gross sales were for Catch 22 or
whatever and Heller just goes yeah but I
have something he'll never have
he goes why could that possibly be
enough
boom
that's peace
most of these people that I knew do not
have peace and peace should not be
underrated
peace contentment the ability to find
joy in small moments
and then have the big moments I am all
for adrenaline I still Chase it
I have to chase it last not that I'm a
mom
but I taste it in healthier ways you
know healthy skiing whatever it is
climbing mountains
um
but to sit lay your head down at the end
of the day and be able to say I know who
I am
and
there may be times where I
lose sight of that but I have a process
for that
and you know
I've made these living amends to these
people I love so much
what else did you see behind that cotton
so you saw a lot of dissatisfaction with
love yeah
um
I saw a much bigger world than I knew
existed and a much more malleable world
that's super key that's yeah yeah I
thought like
the walls were a lot more solid in life
generally yeah
but you realize success is something
that we can all Bend control
manipulate
I think all is a pretty powerful word I
think if we are willing to do the work
that it entails
um on ourselves uh yes I think success
money abundance is is is
much more available
than than I originally thought is that
because you see very Ordinary People
achieving very extraordinary results and
you and then once you see how they're
doing it you go ah okay yes
precisely
hmm
that's also what I feel yeah
that's cool I've I haven't
thought about that and that's really
cool I like that
and this next the way that my story ends
really
kind of speaks to that
um
or not ends but you know
begins again yeah
um so I'm walking around the mountains
I'm thinking to myself like what's the
way out
and I just realized
there's a unique story here we've seen
this version of a story it just usually
has a male
Star right right right right
and um
so I'm like I'll write this book and
it'll sell so well and my life will
change you know I went to New York
publishing and there's a lot of
Publishers that wanted to give me a lot
of money for a celebrity takedown book
and I wasn't willing to do that so I got
rejected a lot but I just kept you know
I was just persistent and I got this
book deal I I got my own press and
everything and I waited to for this you
know I released the book and I I waited
for my life to change and I think like
100 people read the book or something
really
maybe maybe a little more than 100 but
not enough to even earn back my Advance
which wasn't that big
and then I said to myself
I still believe in the story
I still believe that the story is the
way out I just believe it I can see it
I'm gonna have to bring in the big guns
and I said to myself I need to
get I need to
go speak to one of the most powerful
filmmakers in Hollywood
I had a bunch of meetings and I was like
it can't be something small it has to be
something big and so I made this short
list of people who really come who
really are successful who who are the
A-list here you know and it was like
Shonda Rhimes Steven Spielberg
um
you know Aaron Sorkin
and there was another
component that this person had to have
another feature to their personality
they had to be Fearless because there
were so many people as you can imagine
in
the political world in Hollywood in um
you know the billionaires making calls
saying like don't make this Molly blue
movie
because they don't want to take the risk
at all even though I'm
you know I went to bat for them they
don't want to take the risk at all that
they could be portrayed in this movie
anyway
so I you know I loved the west wing and
I loved social network and I loved the
characters that and and the sort of like
message and Humanity that comes out from
his writing so I was like I need a
meeting with him
Aaron's working
and he happens to also be the highest
paid screenwriter in Hollywood so
he's a good bet right that number
doesn't come from thin air
so most people laughed me out of their
office they're like your book sold 10
copies
you know like this it was in the press a
couple years ago
Aaron sorkin's never going to look at
this
and
um I just kept with it I was just
persistent because I had seen you know
as you'd seen I'd seen
how people get successful which was
Persistence of course you have to have a
good product of course you had to have a
good story I believed in the story but
I got rejected so many times you know
so finally I get this meeting with Aaron
and I remember trying to mentally
prepare for it
I'm living with my mom
you know I'm by all societal measures
the classic loser like I'm like living
in my mom's basement I have no money
I don't have all any of the trappings of
of the world and the success world you
know but I said to myself
you walk in there with humility of
Lessons Learned but you walk in there
like
you are worth like you're worthwhile you
know
isn't there some famous quote that he
said about how you were the most
confident Down and Out person oh yeah so
when I was like when when I was done
telling him my story he said um
well I'll tell you one thing I've never
met someone so down on their luck and so
full of themselves so down on their luck
and so full of themselves
certainly was not full of myself but
that's what you were giving Thanksgiving
and yeah I mean the tldr of that is he
he takes it on
he drops what he's doing
he takes it on he decides to make it his
directorial debut as well as writing it
the movie comes out it's nominated for
every award Baptist Oscars Colton Globes
um also I had
done a lot of really good negotiating on
my part on the money part they wanted to
give me nothing up front and promise me
back end and I'd done enough research to
know that that wasn't
ever going to happen the back end in
Hollywood is notoriously you say you did
well what'd you mean give me something
because how can I gauge that so I can
just tell you that I got
15 times
what someone normal normally would have
gotten in my position
and your position was a book didn't
really sell you're the owner of the IP I
guess yeah life rights a life rights
deal like if that book had become a
bestseller and it already had a built-in
audience and I had
a million followers on Instagram and you
know there was this compelling package
sure
so how well did that movie do it did
extremely well I mean 50 million people
saw it do you have an idea of numbers of
like value do they do they give you a a
value because I know they sell opening
box office was X like lifetime value
yeah
um they don't because you have a back
end they they give you a sort of
convoluted back-end number but every
everyone made money on the movie
and it got nominated for awards and
um
you know I'll never forget
getting the the bank wire again and it
takes a really long time you know you
don't just get paid up front you get
like 50 Grand and then you get the rest
of it three years later four years later
whenever the movie gets made and it was
a rocky road to make the movie because
it was all set up at Sony
everything was going smoothly it had
this big budget like big movie studio
budget and then
Kim Jong-un
got pissed about the interview remember
the Seth Rogen movie oh yeah and he
hacked Sony Studios and the chairwoman
was Amy Pascal and she was the one that
really believed in the movie and she had
to step down and then the new chair
person wasn't that passionate and so
then we had to set it up kind of like at
festivals so you know
nothing's ever a smooth ride
so you get a big check from this movie I
do
um but I'm still
I still owe Millions not not today
sitting here but at that point so I had
to figure out like
what is
what's the next move
and um
I remember the first time I didn't even
think about speaking you know like a
speaking career or anything
um I just remember the first time I got
hired to speak it was in front of
thousands of people for Google
and I had never spoken publicly and I
think I just got on that stage and just
blacked out like it was so awful and I
was so bad at it
but the money was compelling
the adventure was compelling
and so you know it allows me now to make
a really great income and then also work
on the other things I'm working on which
is
um a podcast in a community called the
SMART Girls Guide to Everything it's
basically using the strategy the access
the network the resources that I've been
able to accumulate in my life and
applying it to real life
and then I'm writing that a book on
effective presence
and I have a one and a half year old at
home
which wasn't a straight ride right no
you I read that you had IVF nine times
nine times
people don't understand the pain of
having IVF even once and then it not
going to plan yeah to have it nine times
yeah it's it's the it's the mental
anguish you know it was interesting for
me because and I think this is important
to talk about and I'm glad you brought
this up so I froze my eggs at 36.
um
and I was told
you're going to be good you have a lot
of eggs you're young you know whatever
and I because and my point is here is I
I think it's a big money-making industry
and I think they oversell the technology
and it's not to say don't do it but to
do your own research
in my case what I realized is doing
three rounds of an egg freezing
procedure would have probably given me a
much better shot the technology is
getting better but eggs are 80 water so
freezing a thawing is is kind of tricky
anyway so I thought I had purchased this
insurance policy on my fertility
and then when I met Fiona's dad
I was 41 and I said okay great let's
thaw out these magical eggs and none of
them worked
and I was 41 and my fertility metrics
basically the doctor said I'll give you
a four percent chance of making this
happen
and nine rounds later
um
it worked
and I'm so happy I didn't miss it
but that was a special moment oh
also terrifying terrifying moment
the most vulnerable you'll ever be in
your entire life up until the point that
Fiona was born
I thought to myself I believed I went
through life believing particularly
after everything that I had just been
through there's nothing I can't handle
and then you have a baby and you realize
losing this this little life is
something that I don't think I can
handle
and of course
there are people that do and they do it
with Grace but you just know in that
moment
that there is something that would that
has changed in you that will never be
the same terrifying
ladies and gentlemen I'm interrupting
this broadcast with a very special
announcement two years ago I started
writing a book based on everything I've
learned from doing this podcast and
meeting all of the incredible people
that have had the privilege of meeting
but also from my career in business from
running my marketing businesses my
software business my investment fund and
everything else that I've been doing in
business and life and from this I've
created a brand new book called The
Diary of a CEO the 33 laws for business
and life if you want to build something
great all become great yourself like the
guests that I've sat here and
interviewed I ask you please please
please read these 33 laws the book I
always should have written if you like
this podcast this book is for you and it
is available now in the description of
this podcast below and every single day
until it's out later this month one
person that pre-orders it that takes a
picture of their pre-order uploads it to
their story on Instagram or social media
and tags me will win a Gold version of
this book signed by me
and there's only 33 copies of those
available
so pre-order it now tag me on social
media when you do
and 33 of you are going to win a very
very special book
Fiona comes to you when she's 18 years
old she says mum
I would like to be a success
what advice have you got for me mum
what'd you say to Fiona well we're going
to be having this conversation well
before she's 18.
I wanna
I want to help her cultivate
her passions her talents I want to teach
her
about her mind
the ways that I've had to learn
how to manage that mind
how to manage fear how to manage
the internal critic
I want to teach her to sit with hard
emotions not to run run from them to
figure out what they can teach us I want
to teach her to go into the Shadows the
parts of ourselves that we don't want to
look at and look at it don't wait until
you get beat up by the mob federally
indicted you know like
addicted to drugs now called to finally
go into those Shadows to look at the
demons that you haven't dealt with
um all these things that I learned
through
the trials and tribulations of my life I
want to teach her at a young age I want
to teach her that her worth is not
dictated by the things that she produced
but she is inherently worthy at the same
time
it is
she will not be happy unless she has
purpose in life
I believe that to be true I I don't know
who said it but it was very succinctly
said to love and to work
you know
I believe that people need a reason to
get up in the morning
to go into the world
and feel purpose
I don't care if that purpose is
stay-at-home mom or president of the
United States
will you teach for anything that you
learn specifically from being in those
rooms with the billionaires athletes
politicians Absolutely I'll teach her
about risk
what will you teach her about risk you
know I've seen thousands of hands of
winning and losing poker and I've kept
spreadsheets Excel spreadsheets on
people for years and I've then watched
the choices they make and how they get
to the numbers that I look at the end of
the year
and it's in their business choices or
the choices they're making in the game
and then in their Greater Life
a lot of times when people lose
they become
um
unwilling to take another big risk and
if you aren't willing to take risks in
life over time you will lose the game
the people that took calculated risks
over time one
people that took impulsive risks
didn't
but people that took calculated risks
over time and didn't let a past failure
or an external condition stand in that
way
won the game
I think a healthy relationship with risk
is super important
I think
um
being able to stay composed when there's
chaos inside chaos outside
is incredibly important in those rooms I
think being able to
know when to use your emotional mind to
make choices and know when to use your
in your rational mind and being able to
toggle between the two in an intentional
and and uh
smart way is super important
and I think ego and greed is the reason
that I've seen so many lives Come Undone
including my own
the person that sits before me today
you know been on a journey to say the
least lived many many lives in many
different chapters
um
what are you most proud of about
yourself now when you reflect on the
person you are versus the person you
were
what what are some of the things you're
most proud of about yourself
I'm I'm proud that when I
that that I Stay self-aware and when I
believe that I'm wrong or believe that
I'm
behaving in a way that is
is not aligned with who and what I want
to be in the world that I'm willing to
either say sorry or do that work really
deeply relentlessly do that work to
change
I'm willing that I mean I'm proud that I
just continued to
I'm proud that I stayed open
is there anything you're not proud of
from my past or in the present the
present
yeah I mean there are little things that
I'm working on but I wouldn't say that
I'm not proud of of them because I think
having Grace for yourself and learning
how to forgive yourself and and treat
yourself with compassion
is a huge is something that I had to
learn as a survival skill
back in those dark days
um but something that I continue to
practice
the only times that I'm not proud of
myself are if I'm staring straight into
something that I know that I'm
totally ignoring that's causing harm in
the world
to myself to other people
only we have a closing tradition on this
podcast where the less last guest leaves
a question for the next guest not
knowing who they're going to leave the
question for and the question left for
you
is
what is the message you needed to hear
when you were younger
that you didn't hear
and who was the best person to
say it that didn't say it
um okay that's a great question and a
hard question and I think
I think
the answer is
stop searching for the evidence that you
were worthwhile that you're good enough
and just start to believe it and I think
the person to say it to me is me
I think I was my own worst critic
um you know
we all have certain challenges in our
life but I think at some point
taking responsibility
for your own [__] is the most important
thing a human being can do
are you there now like are you at the
point now where you know
your self-worth is isn't going to come
from Glory
not a hundred percent
but I'm like
90. do you think do you think we ever
overcome
these desires to to seek you know these
things because they feel to be so
hard-wired and especially if they come
at a formative age from people that are
important to us like our parents or the
context we're raised in it's almost like
a an oven it's like if you think about
anything that you bake yeah you can't
unbake the thing like you can't you
can't unbake a cake you know there's
lots of things you can like you know
separate using fairies yeah
um
I think maybe if you're willing to go
live a monastic life and just meditate
all day and like not live in the real
world even then I I know that for me
anytime I think I have something
completely figured out something fixed
something else will happen in life and
it'll crop up so that's why I think it's
so important to have a process for how
you deal with these things and I think
anybody that says I did this work on
myself and now I'm fine
isn't being fully truthful I agree
I completely agree and I think that's
the the most honest answer to give and I
also think it's the true answer it's the
answer that all the psychologists and
psychologists and psychiatrists that I
sit here with tell me as well it's the
answer I've seen in my life that it's
more about management than it is about
taking our traumas or our hard wiring to
zero which and I think that's important
to say because people that are
struggling with the same recurring
patterns in their life hear that and go
thank God it's not just me yeah you know
because they'll beat themselves up when
the therapy doesn't work or the podcast
they listen to don't change them right
or like staring at the sun and sitting
in an ice cube bath doesn't fix their
like they're still toxic after the right
spot
and that makes like they want to refund
Molly thank you so much
thank you for your wisdom your honesty
um you don't have to be so honest and in
particular the amount of life lessons
you've been able to draw from this
experience I think is of tremendous
value so it's no surprise you're a
speaker I've I'd bet extensively on your
podcast being a huge success as well and
I'm really excited about this book
because I really do think that effective
presence is clearly one of your absolute
you know
dominant skills um just from meeting you
today as well like when the minute you
said that explain it smells like oh yeah
I get it so and that's an unbelievably
powerful skill because all we face in
this world is other people yeah and so
knowing how to get the best from those
people and whatever context that might
be is ultimately the superpower that
anyone could possess
it's funny every year around this time
of year for whatever reason I go on a
little bit of a psychological shift and
that psychological shift I think is
somewhat inspired by summer but it's
also inspired by the fact that I want to
feel strong in this season of life and
as I age strength training is my number
one form of training and the question
becomes how do you build muscle and how
do you become strong in terms of
supplementation and this is where heels
nutritionally complete protein product
is my best friend for a couple of
reasons one it tastes better than any
protein product I've ever tried two in
terms of the nutritionally complete
aspect it has the vitamin and minerals
you need it's about 100 calories so it's
incredibly light but it also packs over
20 grams of protein into every serving
try The Salted Caramel flavor it is the
bomb and let me know how you get on
[Music]
oh
foreign
[Music]